# Group: 14

Team Name: Powell Puff Gang

Members Present:
 - Jun Kim
 - Joshua Zhu
 - Nathaniel Wong
 - Kevin Lam
 - Tony Guan
 - Michael Mao
 - Stephen Montes De Oca (late)
 - Hugo Huang (late)

Absent:
 - Aidan Liu
 - Nora Du

When: May 4, 2021 Meeting (7:00 - 8:00 PM)

Where the meeting was held: ZOOM

### Agenda:
<br>
 - Attendance
 - Discuss what Sanat talked to us about yesterday, on May 3
 - Discuss upcoming assignments
   - CI/CD Pipeline Phase 1 (Due 5/10)
   - Internal Documentation (ADR) (Due 5/10)
 - Work more on wireframing - try to finish within 3 days
 - Assign responsibilities in relation to wireframing, coding, and repo

### Topics Discussed:
- “Smart” teams will get used to tools for our project
rough html diagram of our product (like lab 2)

- For special bullets, use bullet journal website's things (details)
- Figma board should have (every) possible view of what we want

### Roles
- Figma board/Wireframing - Jun, Nathaniel, Michael, Tony
- CI/CD - Joshua, Hugo
- Documentation - Kevin, Aidan
- Repo setup - Nora, Stephen

## Repo Setup Notes
- Initialized a Node project in `/source` with npm so that we can host our app locally for developing the application (see README.md in `/source` directory for hosting instructions)
- index.js added which will run the main script for hosting our application
- Do not modify package.json or package-lock.json manually unless dependencies are installed using `npm install {dependecy name}`
- No pages or code has been written, but added a `public` directory for index.html and css style
- TODO: Use Express.js to route different .js scripts for different pages (scripts for pages written by others will not need to use Express.js... more info on that with later meetings)

# TODO after:
1. Figma Board - finish by Thursday 5/4/21
   - make comments for whatever changes made
2. CI/CD - get started on assignment, talk to each other for what should be done
3. ADR documentation - get started on assignment, talk to each other for what should be done
4. repo setup - finish whatever needs to be done for setup, talk to figma people about their design and code when wireframing is done
   - document whatever things the rest of the group needs to know for repo and coding, and whatever details necessary
5. Setup meeting with Sanat for Friday (get meeting times, whoever comes comes and make  meeting minutes for those who can’t make it)

End Time: 8:10 PM
