# May 8, 2021 Meeting (7:00 - 8:00 PM)
Attendance: Josh, Nora, Nathaniel, Jun, Kevin, Michael, Hugo, Aidan, Stephen, Tony

### Agenda:
1. discuss what sanat went over yesterday in meeting; meeting minutes are below
2. discuss role splitting (as per our old roles sheet - let Joshua know if you want a different role or anything) - ensure that people know what theyâ€™re in charge of
   - front-end is in charge of html, css, javascript for web app
   - back-end is in charge of databasing, etc.
   - builder (repo masters) is in charge of managing CI/CD, and anything concerning our repo (manual review of each merge to main)
   - planner is in charge of managing sprints, but can be mixed into each other role as they want
   - testers - in charge of ensuring that code written works as wanted - will be intertwined with manual review of code
3. discuss CI/CD and ADR assignment - people who are on builder role will oversee this
4. discuss coding to be done, and responsibilities for next deadline (tuesday)
### What we talked about:
1. Kevin and Aidan will work on ADR
2. Joshua, Hugo, Michael, Nathaniel will work on CI/CD
3. Distributed workload for this week
   - more people put into CI/CD and ADR 
4. Talked about starting retrospectives (will do it monday)
5. Talked more about how the CI/CD assignment will work
6. Enforce camelcase??? (linting)
7. Finish CI/CD by monday
8. Backend explained current codebase 
### TODO after (roles posted in #announcements):
1. Frontend: Skeleton of HTML/CSS; push files to repo as needed
2. CI/CD: Finish basic outline by monday night (deadline for Checkpoint 1)
3. Backend: once frontend finishes skeleton code, code in database/sign in