# Group 14

Team name: Powell Puff Gang

Members Present: 
 - Josh
 - Nora
 - Nathaniel
 - Jun
 - Kevin
 - Michael
 - Hugo
 - Aidan
 - Stephen
 - Tony

### Agenda:
 - Discuss what has happened this past week
 - Discuss what needs to happen for this week/assignments
   - Sprint Review Meetings (5/18)
   - retrospectives (5/18)
   - further down the road team status video (5/17)
   - Redistribute roles as necessary
 - Discuss CI/CD pipeline and how to push/commit

### Topics Discussed:
 - Naming convention for branches: <teamName-task>
 - wiki page - how to work locally
   - Style guide: need to update remote code from local
 - Sprint Review Meetings: hold after end of sprint on Saturday and document 
 - Work on team status video on the Saturday meeting
 - Retrospective Assignment: do on Saturday meeting, similar to Sprint Review Meeting
 - ADR Documentation done (for now)!
   - members move back to their original assignment

### TODO til Saturday:
 - Frontend: html & css for every screen
 - Backend:
   - Finalize routing
   - explore google calendar API
   - Mongoose schema
 - CI/CD: Finish up yaml workflow

### Roles for this week
 - Frontend: Jun, Michael, Kevin, Hugo, Tony
   - will slowly whittle down to just Jun, Michael, and Kevin
   - others will be reallocated to testing
 - Backend: Stephen, Nora, Aidan
   - getting locked into backend for rest of project
 - CI/CD: Josh, Nathaniel