# Retrospective Notes (5/15)
Attendance: Josh, Nora, Nathaniel, Jun, Kevin, Michael, Aidan, Stephen, Tony

### What went well:
1. Handling of emergency situations, ability to improvise
2. Front-end and Back-end did well to reflect their given tasks
3. Productive meetings in splitting roles and assignments
### What didnâ€™t go well:
1. More communication is required, especially to understand what other groups are doing and their progress
2. Some major decisions have not been finalized (such as SPA/normal)
3. CI/CD pipeline has taken a while, and as a result more and more branches have become out of sync

### Discussion and New Decisions:
- Know progress of other groups
- Be more specific in daily standups, clearly define your progress
  - team working for - task you have - % completion
- Major decisions: More inter-team communication, ping everybody if important
  - if running into issues, please ask others!
- Calendar view: frontend and backend communicate with each other
- Branches becoming more and more different
  - CI/CD waiting on TAs to update; should be fixed by Sunday 5/16
- Long meetings: timestamp each entry in agenda
- Added #help channel into Slack to poll for help on anything