# Group 14

Team name: Powell Puff Gang

Members Present: w/ Sanat
 - Josh
 - Nora
 - Nathaniel
 - Jun
 - Michael
 - Hugo
 - Stephen
 - Tony

Absent:
 - Aidan 
 - Kevin

When: May 4, 2021 Meeting (8:00 - 10:00 PM)

Where the meeting was held: ZOOM

### Notes:
Not only Google login?
- Backend should also provide username/password login.
- need a way to link logins to same user
- ask Powell (accessibility issue? might be perceived as us relying on 3rd party)
  
Google Calendar dependency on Google Auth?

Minimum Viable Produce (MVP) deadline at the end of the week (Sunday 11:59 PM)!
- Text Editor included in MVP
- API’s only allowed as an add on, cannot use as core functionality
- code functionalities (collections, bullets, nested bullets, etc.) must be all ours
- Live interpolation?
  
All features must be included in testing (added overhead in development AND testing)

Last day allowed to code: night before presentation (finals day 6/11)
- suggestion: stop adding features 5 days before presentation (6/6)
- mainly work on minor bug fixes, style changes, more test cases, etc.
  
Need to populate wiki when we make repos public at end of course

Final is asynchronous (2 videos)
- synchronous final is watching videos in class
  
Continued Design
- Settings page/Collections, add to wireframes?
  
Note taking app ≠ BuJo App
- taking notes is required (domain specific logging), grouping/organization in a specific way is not a part of our MVP

### Questions:
How to improve our css to make it nicer?
- Change font
- Explore bootstrap or other css framework
- Progress by Friday

End Time: 10:10 PM